We all need motivation and encouragement from time to time, 
and if you don't need either of these at the moment, 
you certainly have friends or family who could benefit from both. 
If you're looking for some motivational quotes or inspirational 
quotes to positively influence your day, you've come to the right 
place. This is exactly what the Random Motivational Quotes 
Generator is able to do. With over 1000 motivational quotes in 
the database, you're sure to find more than a few that will 
inspire you and help uplift your day.
The best part of using this motivational generator is how simple 
it is to use. You just need to indicate how many motivational 
quotes you'd like to see at one time and then use your mouse to 
click the generate button. You should see a list of motivational 
and inspirational quotes appear and you'll have all the words you 
need to help make your day as positive as it can be. For those 
who would like a list of motivational quotes, you can create one 
by indicating how many inspirational quotes you'd like to see at 
one time.
With so many lists of motivational quotes and even books devoted 
entirely to them, some people question why there's a need for a 
random motivational quote generator. While there are actually a 
number of ways it can be useful, the main one is that it's a 
different way to digest the information than those other methods. 
The long lists of inspirational quotes can quickly get 
overwhelming. With this free quote generator, you get to pick 
the exact number of motivational quotes you want to see each time. 
By avoiding the long lists, you have a better chance to digest 
and retain the encouraging quotes you see. It simply is an 
alternative way to read the quotes so you can hopefully find 
more of them that motivate and encourage you each day. 
If you're not sure if this free tool would benefit you, 
a good way to decide is to read a few of the ways it's commonly 
used by others.
Begin Your Day Right
The beginning of the day is vitally important to how the rest 
of your day is likely to go. If you don’t want to get up on the 
wrong side of the bed, make it a habit to start your day off with 
a motivational quote or even more than one. It can help put you 
in the right frame of mind so that you have a much more positive 
day than you would've otherwise had. Everyone needs a little help 
to get the day started on a positive note, and there's nothing 
better to do this than a good cup of coffee and an inspirational 
and motivational quote.
Encourage Your Friends
Everyone needs someone on their side to help brighten their day, 
help them see something in a new way, or start a discussion about 
something which they hadn’t thought about. Use the motivational 
quote generator to start this conversation with a friend or family 
member. You never know how much an inspirational idea from you 
might help someone else. Maybe they'll continue to pass it on to 
encourage even more people as well.
Write On It
Using a motivational quote that speaks to you is a great way to 
start a journal page or begin your writing for the day. Just 
having that first quote to get the ideas going is an invaluable 
tool - you never know where that one idea will take you. 
In addition, sometimes writers tend to pick a quote or subject 
that they're more familiar with. Since you won’t know what the 
inspirational quote will be or who the author is beforehand, 
it may force you to be more creative and think in a new direction 
about the idea.
Make Your Students Write On It
If you're a teacher and have ever had a student or your own 
homeschool student complain about not having something to write 
about, this generator may be the answer. Instead of having them 
stare at a blank page, provide them with a motivational and 
encouraging quote to get them started. They can even research 
the author of the quote to create a built-in history lesson as 
well.
Sleep On It
It's always nice to have good thoughts running through your head 
right before you head off to sleep. Help quiet your busy brain by 
using the generator to provide a motivational quote for you as 
you place your head on the pillow. Not only will you go to bed on 
a positive note, but the thoughts can also often carry through the 
night so that you wake up feeling positive as well.
The above examples are just a few ways this online tool can be 
used. We hope that the quotes inspire you to use your imagination 
for many other ideas! If you find you use this tool in ways not
mentioned in this article, please contact us to let us know how 
you found it useful. Finding out the specific ways the 
motivational quote generator is being used helps us to find ways 
to make it better. If you also happen to have ideas on how this 
generator would be more useful to yourself, or how we can improve 
it, letting us know would be greatly appreciated.